the word of the Lord that came to
Jeremiah the Prophet against the
Philistines before Pharaoh attacked Gaza
thus says the Lord behold waters rise
out of the north and shall be an
overflowing flood they shall overflow
the land and all that is in it the city
and those who dwell within it then the
men shall cry and all the inhabitants of
the land shall wave at the noise of the
stamping hooves of his strong horses of
the rushing of his chariots at the
rumbling of his wheels the fathers will
not look back for their children lacking
courage because of the day that comes to
plunder all the Philistines to cut off
from tyre and sidon every helper who
remains but the Lord shall plunder the
Philistines the remnant of the country
of calf tar baldness has come upon Gaza
Ashkelon is cut off with a remnant of
their Valley how long will you cut
yourself
oh you sword of the Lord how long until
you are quiet put yourself up into your
scabbard rest and be still how can it be
quiet seeing the Lord has given it a
charge against Ashkelon and against the
seashore there he has appointed it
[Music]